This folder contains scripts to build LLC Membrane Structures

Structure_Builder.py is the original. It will build a membrane from a monomer .pdb structure file which needs to be specified 
in the script itself. It outputs a structure file for a membrane unit cell in .pdb format.

Structure_Builder_gro.py does the same thing as above (takes a .pdb file input) but outputs the structure file in .gro format 
which is what GROMACS uses. You can convert from .pdb to .gro easily in GROMACS, but .pdb files cannot contain greater than 
100000 atoms (at least I'm not sure how to format it so that it does) so it's easier and more robust to just use this script 
to make any structures.

Structure_Builder_for_Bash.py is the same file as Structure_Builder_gro.py but can take arguments without having to modify the 
script. It lets you specify the input .pdb file and the number of layers thick you want the membrane to be with the -i and -l flags
respectively. 
  -Future improvments to this script: 
    - Add more flags in order to control things like:
      - Number of monomers per layer
      - Number of pores
      - Distance between pores
      - Starting Pore Radius
    - Incorporate scripts to properly orient monomers
this script works best for well-oriented monomers -- ones whose head groups are pointed towards the pore centers. Some of the monomers in the monomer configurations folder won't look right when you build with them. But that's what the following scripts address.

Structure_Builder_Traj.py is meant incorporate many different configurations of monomers into the membrane. Instead of just 
choosing one monomer and building the entire structure, it randomly chooses a monomer configuration each time it place a monomer 
into the structure so that in the end, there is a randomized structure with many different starting monomer configurations. This is
another way for us to show that we are converging to the correct equilibrium structure.

Oriented_Plane.py is another type of Structure builder but is still a work in progress. My intention is to add it to 
Structure_Builder_Traj.py. The reason it is necessary is because the monomer configurations are oriented in all different 
directions when you look at it in 3 dimensions. To have a suitable starting structure, it is necessary to have all the 
hydrophilic head groups pointing inwards towards the center of the pore with the tail groups back. This script rotates the 
molecule based on the benzene ring and makes it so that the plane of benzene is parallel to the xy plane. The molecule is then 
translated to a specified position with respect to the origin and the building procedes from there. This script works pretty well
for a single specified monomer. 
